Tic-Tac-Toe_JavaScript
Overview
Tic-Tac-Toe_JavaScript is a visually engaging web application that allows users to play the classic game of Tic-Tac-Toe. The game features a modern, eye-catching design with dynamic animations and effects. Built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, this application provides a fun and interactive experience for players of all ages.

Features
Interactive Game Board: A grid where players can click to place their 'X' or 'O'.
Winning and Draw Detection: Automatically detects and displays the winner or a draw.
Reset Functionality: Allows players to restart the game with a click of a button.
Dynamic Background Animation: Adds a visually appealing particle effect in the background.
Technologies Used
1. HTML
HTML (HyperText Markup Language) is used to structure the content of the web page.

Game Board: Defined as a grid of cells where players make their moves.
Status and Reset Button: Elements for displaying the game status and providing a reset option.
2. CSS
CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) is used to style the application, including layout, colors, and animations.

Custom Fonts: Uses the 'Orbitron' font from Google Fonts for a futuristic look.
CSS Variables: Defines colors and other design elements to ensure consistency.
Grid Layout: Creates a responsive and aligned game board.
Animations: Includes glowing text effects, background particle animation, and flip animations for winning cells.
Hover Effects: Adds interactive visual feedback to game cells and the reset button.
3. JavaScript
JavaScript provides the functionality and interactivity of the game.

Game Logic: Handles player moves, checks for wins or draws, and manages game state.
Event Handling: Listens for clicks on the game cells and the reset button.
DOM Manipulation: Updates the game board and status dynamically based on player actions.
Background Animation: Creates and animates particles in the background for an engaging visual effect.
Getting Started
Clone the Repository

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/tic-tac-toe_javascript.git
cd tic-tac-toe_javascript
Open the Application

Open the index.html file in your preferred web browser to view and interact with the application.

Folder Structure
index.html: The main HTML file that serves as the entry point for the application.
styles/: Contains the CSS styles used for the application. (In this case, embedded in the HTML file)
scripts/: Contains JavaScript code for game logic and interactivity. (In this case, embedded in the HTML file)
Contributing
Feel free to submit issues or pull requests. Please ensure that your code adheres to the project's coding standards and includes appropriate comments.